Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/official/magento-two.en.md

![Checkout Pro Redirect Configuration](images/magento2/mercadopago_global_configuration.png)

> 4) Very good! Checkout Pro with Credit Card and Ticket has been configured and enabled successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) Done! Checkout Pro with Credit Card and Ticket has been configured and enabled successfully.
```
